Update sdk-nrf to 3.4.0-rc1 and remove Partition Manger (#111)
nrfconnect/ncs-zigbee: docs/links.txt

.. _`RAM power-down`: https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-3.2.0/page/nrf/libraries/others/ram_pwrdn.html

.. _`Static and dynamic configuration`: https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-3.2.0/page/nrf/scripts/partition_manager/partition_manager.html#ug-pm-static

> .. _`Migrating partition configuration from Partition Manager to devicetree (DTS)`: https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_partitions.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _`Migrating partition configuration from Partition Manager to devicetree (DTS)`: https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-3.2.0/page/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_partitions.html
```

And later we need to update all the links to 3.4.0.

Author: Hmm, below we have Chiptool that links to the latest as well. Should we change it there as well?

Reviewer: Yes, since we don't know how the latest will look like in the future.
